I'm gonna show how to convert mental
reset to a gravity bag which makes it
easier to clean a blended diet through
go the bag
and first you're gonna find the side
that has the little raindrop or teardrop
on it it's the longer piece right here
and separate this rubbery part from the
hard plastic pull it off
we're going to do is cut the tip of this
piece off so food doesn't get stuck in
there
it's a nice big shirt pair of scissors
if you end up I have this all over my
floor you end up with like little barbs
snip those off you're gonna put this
back on just ease it back on and pull it
down your shirts on all the way and then
it makes it so that if you have a liquid
like water in here so I'm really running
blend and it'll just run through it's a
gravity bag so it makes it really easy
to pry them separate the bag and I've
got food coloring in this water so that
you can see you'll be able to see it go
through
I don't normally put this much water and
then I usually just add maybe an ounce
of water and then I prime it with water
instead of with her blend because I
think it's easier you just take the cap
off as long as you have this lower than
the bag you've seen just goes right
through there and then just basic
priming principles like if you are
holding the tear drop down this is also
how you would hand Prime you'd hold the
if you didn't modify it you would just
hold the tear drop down and it would go
so that's the same theory about if you
raise it up your reverse primer put it
back in the bag
so when I feed her I just prime it with
water and then put the cap on or put an
extension on the clamp it and then they
dump out extra water and then I just
dump her plunge right in and feed her
like normal